# Graduation-Project-Building-Voting-application-using-Blockchain-
Building Voting application using Blockchain
This Project is about Building an electronic voting system that satisfies the legal requirements of legislators has been a challenge for a long time. Distributed ledger technologies are an exciting technological advancement in the information technology world. Blockchain technologies offer an infinite range of applications benefiting from sharing economies. This paper aims to evaluate the application of blockchain as service to implement distributed electronic voting systems. 
The paper facilitates the requirements of building electronic voting systems and identifies the legal and technological limitations of using blockchain as a service for realizing such systems. Blockchain has become a new frontier of venture capitals that has attracted the attention of banks, governments, and other business corporations. The recent blockchain related attempts included legal blockchains by Fadada.com and Microsoft and pork tracking blockchains by Walmart and IBM. 
Blockchain is poised to become the most exciting invention after the Internet; while the latter connects the world to enable new business models based on online business processes, the former will help resolve the trust issue more efficiently via network computing. In this 
paper, we give an overview on blockchain voting application and development as well as introduce the papers in this special issue. We show that while blockchain has enabled security, the most successful technology application, its widespread adoption in finance and other business sectors will lead to many business innovations as well as many research opportunities

